this is awesome it's great right yeah
Darrell wanted to come but you guys know
how he is your brother he would have
spent the entire time to genius
wilderness survival tips he learned on
TV loud noises attract dangerous
predators it's the first rule of
survival cool that my speakers gone hey
Darrell name is Derek Derek treks no
it's not Daryl I just went wide with my
good cast
rolling with Derek Trucks e ar e hey
so Derek spoke mom now dere is
emphasized have you guys not started a
fire survival is impossible without a
good source it's 75 degrees out another
20 minutes
hey Mikey tossed me water whoa
dehydration takes precedence over fire
and you are knocking on death's door
remember when our cat had leukemia
unfortunately I didn't see a viable
water source on the way down to camp
we're gonna have to improvise everyone
form a semicircle we're gonna drink my
urine we're good yeah this is why we
don't take you places Daryl hello that's
my roommates maybe everything's okay now
but are you gonna be okay when a
mountain lion comes down and infiltrates
camp that's why I brought these bullet
ants Oh Daryl what the hell are you
doing carrying bullet ants
they're for your protection okay hey
attention everyone the wilderness threat
level has just gone from Amber to a
darker shade of amber much like my urine
dan if we're gonna survive out here I'm
gonna tell nice need everyone to shut up
how that speaker is still going yeah
that's really durable oh is it
luckily I'm fully durable education move
oh oh oh I really did it I got hurt I
hurt my ankle wants to help you
the ants natural tendency will be to go
towards that speaker uh yeah they're not
going oh my got me Patti's a little girl
if these ants don't go towards that
speaker they're gonna tear me to shreds
if I could just cook it if I could just
hook it
darrel they're just regular carpenter
ants man huh yeah we're gonna go ready
yeah see it home Derek wait wait up what
it's okay it's okay I'll just follow the
breadcrumb trail I shrewdly laid out mmm
I just gotta lift myself up for the tree
Ridge it's gone
the ants ate my bread the ants a my
breath